**Tell us about yourself/Introduce yourself**
I kickstarted my journey by pursuing my undergraduate degree in instrumentation and control engineering from NIT Trichy, a choice driven by my fascination for connecting various fields of technology together and explore diverse solutions to problems. I deepened my interdisciplinary approach through a Dual Masters degree in Autonomous Systems at KTH, Sweden and Aalto University, Finland. My time there broadened my knowledge on autonomous technologies and gave me the exposure and impetus to apply my understanding of these technologies to various open real-world problems

Currently, I am eager to transition from academia to the industry sphere, with the objective of bringing forth my multidisciplinary background and mindset to a dynamic team where I can add to projects as well as learn from them. In specific, I'm looking to dive into areas of innovation where autonomous systems are used and where I can develop further experience in the field

**What was this Summer School internship about? What did you do there?**
I took up a 2 week summer school internship at TU Munich in Germany, with Industry 4.0 as the main topic. There, I gained knowledge on the basics of Industry 4.0, the technologies that form its backbone, the industries that can greatly benefit from them as well as how they would benefit. Towards the end, I worked with a team of 5 peers, read up on a case study involving Siemens and we proposed a startup pitch that aims to offer a pay-per-use model to provide Edge-IoT services in factories. 

**What are your strengths and weaknesses?**
I identify my divergent thinking skills as a strength. I like to come up with numerous possible solutions to a given problem. My weakness is that I often tend to ask a lot of questions when I'm starting out on a role. I also don't have a steel-trap memory, so I resort to journaling and brain-dumping everything I'm coming across and learning into my notebook, which functions as a personal knowledge base. So, if there's anything I need to recall, I can always consult my notebook

**Tell us about a situation where you applied your multidisciplinary and divergent skills**
The most important moment where I showcased my skills and multidisciplinary experience was during my Masters Thesis at Excillum, a company that produces powerful microfocus X-ray sources for various industries and universities. The task was to come up with a solution to automate the positioning of an X-ray spectrometer to point towards the brightest point inside an X-ray generator chamber. The project was such that it required the combined skills of a software developer, a mechanical engineer, an electronics engineer, and a control engineer. I was responsible for writing the software to drive the automation process as well as the UI. I also played a role in ascertaining the mechanical platform on which the spectrometer sat on, and I learned 3D printing methods to produce clamps to support the spectrometer. I also applied my skills in electronics by figuring out the inner workings of the device and how I could establish a proper interface between it and my laptop. Lastly, my background in controls helped me come up with algorithms to drive the orientation of the spectrometer to the desired point. 

**Why do you want this job?**