**Format**: Boom (Doom 2)
**Size**: Single level standalone
**Texture Packs**: 32-in-24 tex, Zoon tex

This is intended to be a standalone single level map. I find my mapping style to gravitate heavily towards abstract aesthetics because not only do they look good in-game as I am not bound by all the design constraints I'd imagine if I am mapping something meant to be a scale model of a real entity, but it also pushes my creative thinking to try and pull off wacky stuff (such as bouncing midtextures and phased lighting, which I absolutely love). 
One of the cornerstones of my mapping style is verticality -- I enjoy extending the height of the ceiling to levels that cannot be normally seen by the player without freelook to provide a feeling of being in deep space. High verticality is a good way to appreciate the spatial vastness that is possible in Doom without making the map a wild goose chase of a long one. I've been taking some inspiration from the works of H.R.Giger and H.P.Lovecraft for my map, to add elements of alien architecture, abstract models, and dark atmosphere, all within the limits of Boom. Why not UDMF? Although I will have far superior flexibility and a wider pool of design options with UDMF, I chose to stick with Boom for the following reasons:
- Port accessibility - I'd like my map to be playable on as many ports as possible with the use of Boom actions. UDMF would restrict me to GZDoom alone (EE if I were to chose Eternity UDMF)
- Creativity from limitations - UDMF is powerful, and the feature set is expansive. It's easy for me to get lost in all the details and I do not want to venture into it unless I'm fairly confident I can navigate through it with some degree of confidence and familiarity. That will come naturally after establishing a solid grasp with the simpler formats. After all, I cannot wield a rocket launcher without learning how to handle a handgun
- Software - This is a more personal reason, I guess. I love the software renderer and I feel that using the Boom format would allow players to give my map a whirl on software-rendering source ports. It's all the nostalgia but that doesn't mean I am opposed to hardware rendering and the latest features in GZDoom etc. I just think I'll approach them at a later date