>[!Definition]
>The ability of the brain to adapt to change. Neuroplasticity can also be a measure of the brain's resilience factor -- How efficiently can the brain recover from damage or duress?

Types of neuroplasticity
1. **Homologous Area Adaptation** - When a part of the brain suffers damage and is rendered ineffective, the portion of the brain symmetric in function (homologous) to the damaged part will take up that part's function. Consequently, the portion of the brain will effectively be "multi-tasking" but at the cost of reduced performance of both activities because there now aren't many neurons to sufficiently accommodate the complete spectrum.
2. **Complementary Masquerade** - This is simply a section of the brain performing the functions of another. As the type's name suggests, the section "masquerades" itself as the damaged section. <font color=#FFB1AB>I wonder what makes this type different from HAA or CM Reassignment</font>.
4. **Cross-modal Reassignment** - In CM Reassignment, a section of the brain normally wired to process a particular input/group of inputs is reconfigured to accept different classes of inputs. This is possible because the electrochemical impulses are the same regardless of the input type, and all follow the same fundamental rules of change (they are ultimately electrochemical impulses, just of different origins).
5. **Map Expansion** - The section of the brain under focus will expand its capabilities to neighbouring sections. If a particular section of the brain is in high demand/use, it expands to account for it. 