>[!Definition]
>This note is for recording random thoughts, revelations, musings, and possibly naïve questions that I sporadically have. At any point, I might look back to this and attempt to answer them or give them nuance as necessary.

* Just like how animals evolve over time, adapting to the conditions of the environment at the period of their evolution, are there examples of programs that behave the same way? Are there programs that, during the inference phase, make wrong predictions and factor them in, correcting their own code/micro-training their model to account for them? (It might be that I'm talking about AGI though)
* Can humans ever gain self-awareness strong enough to intrinsically understand the mismatch hypothesis and make decisions and actions with rationality to the modern environment? For example, humans are, from an evolutionary perspective, social animals. We have historically thrived by socializing with our fellow kind, so ostracizing ourselves from them would be damaging. However, that was the ancestral environment, where we were considerably animalistic in behavior. The modern environment is different now. 
* Is it possible for humans to control or "dial" their intelligence levels? In my experience, I have noticed that people with lower intelligence levels (IQ or whatever measure, assuming that exists) tend to communicate better sometimes and live more normal and happy lives. I could be highly mistaken but I feel that there are some situations that might call for higher intelligence while there also do exist situations that require approaching with lesser intelligence.
* If we, ordinary baryonic matter, cannot observe, feel, or conventionally detect dark matter, is it correct to think that "dark matter" cannot conventionally or tangibly interact with us too, and that we are "dark to dark matter", thus making us "dark matter"? 
* If it is true that we cannot interact with dark matter but dark matter can interact with us (via WIMP-electron recoil or axion interactions, say), can I apply the idea that dark matter exists on a higher dimension than what we are primed to interact with (3D)? (If ordinary matter is person A and dark matter is person B, I imagine person B would be walking behind person A. A cannot see B but B can see A).