Dyson Spheres are a class of hypothetical megastructures built around stars to absorb their energy directly

The concept was explored by physicist and astronomer Freeman J. Dyson in 1960 in his paper "Search for Artificial Stellar Sources of Infrared Radiation". However, he wasn't the first person to come up with that term. It was Olaf Stapledon in 1937 who did, in his sci-fi novel *Star Maker*. Dyson had taken inspiration from this book for his paper

A Dyson sphere is not exactly a solid shell per se, because that would be mechanically impossible (according to Dyson himself). However, the "shell" can be comprised of several smaller units that congregate in swarms. The idea can be borrowed from swarm robotics, where multiple small and simple robot units coordinate together to perform tasks as a single collective unit

## Mechanism of a Dyson Sphere
The central idea governing a Dyson sphere is the enclosure of a star. The structure encapsulates the target star and begins to **directly** absorb its energy output. In fact, you can think of bringing millions of solar panel satellites together to enclose a star, and you can absolutely call that a Dyson sphere! 

The absorbed stellar radiation can then be converted into massive amounts of power to support an entire advanced civilization. **A civilization that is capable of capturing a star's energy directly is a Type-II civilization in the Kardashev scale**. A typical Dyson sphere can produce power equal to the total luminosity of the sun, which is $3.8 \times 10^{26}$ W

There are, of course, plenty of factors that should be taken into consideration when deploying one, such as:
- The structure and type of the Dyson sphere
- The proximity of the sphere to the star
- The sphere's durability towards extreme conditions
- The distribution of power generated by the sphere
- Accounting for the change in the size and energy output of the star over the span of hundreds of thousands of years
- Where are the resources going to come from? 
One of the many reasons Dyson spheres are impossible in the near, let alone distant, future is the sheer volume of raw materials required. I mean, we're talking about enclosing an entire star here. We might have to destroy an entire planet to make a sphere. Well, Mercury might be a good candidate for starters...

## Types of Dyson Spheres
The beauty of Dyson spheres is that they can take up a myriad forms
* **Dyson Ring** - The basic structure. It is a simple ring of small solar collectors orbiting the star. A Dyson sphere can be constructed with many Dyson rings brought together. A ring may not even be a swarm of solar collector drones -- It can even be a solid ring
* **Dyson Mesh** - A Dyson swarm encapsulating the star except that it isn't solid. Rather, it is a dense network of all solar drones comprising it, like a wireframe ball